content/post/2024-10-ethsydney-hackathon-summary.md, before:

---
title: ETHSydney 2024 hackathon summary
subtitle: ETHSydney Blockathon
date: 2024-10-27
tags: ["Ethereum", "Sydney", "ETHSydney"]
---

## 🌏 ETHSydney 2024: **Make Ethereum Cypherpunk Again** 🌏

We just wrapped up an unforgettable weekend at [#ETHSydney 2024](https://2024.ethsydney.net/), where builders, visionaries, and innovators came together at [UNSW Founders](https://unswfounders.com/) to push the boundaries of what’s possible in the Web3 space! The event brought together over 80 enthusiastic participants, 18 seasoned mentors, 5 sponsors, and 11 community supporters, all driven by the shared mission of “making Ethereum cypherpunk again.”

With three days of intense brainstorming, hacking, and collaboration, participants had the opportunity to bring their wildest ideas to life, and the results were beyond extraordinary. 💻✨

All the information, check it out on the landing page - https://2024.ethsydney.net/

## 🏆 Meet the Winners!

![](/img/winners.jpg)

###	1.	Aurora – [Check it out here](https://devfolio.co/projects/aurora-3d5a)

Aurora is a web3-based messaging application with integrated AI capabilities, built on top of the XMTP protocol.

###	2.	E-Scape – [Explore more](https://devfolio.co/projects/escape-049b)

**The problem E-Scape solves**

Educating individuals and rising awares to privacy tools used in Ethereum through a entertaining medium.

**Challenges we ran into**

First time learning anything related to Ethereum, Solidty, smart contracts, pretty much everything :D

###	3.	Greybox – [Learn about it](https://devfolio.co/projects/greybox-5ed1)

An extensible security assessment framework for Ethereum smart contracts. Detect vulnerabilities in your Solidity contracts from static and dynamic analysis.

## 🌟 Other Remarkable Projects

Beyond our winners, ETHSydney 2024 saw a host of other inventive projects submitted by talented teams. From decentralized finance applications to NFT platforms, each project represented the immense creativity and commitment of our builders. Here’s a brief look at all the projects submitted: ETHSydney Project Gallery. Hats off to every participant who gave their all and showed the world what Web3 can become!

[check all of them out](https://ethsydney-hackathon.devfolio.co/projects)

## 💙 A Heartfelt Thanks to Our Sponsors and Community Supporters

A massive shoutout to our sponsors, without whom ETHSydney 2024 would not have been possible:
@EF_ESP, @UNSWFounders, @Hansa_Network, @rise_chain, and @sigp_io. Your belief in the Web3 ecosystem and commitment to fostering innovation is what powers these transformative experiences.

[Thank you sponsors](https://2024.ethsydney.net/#sponsors)

![](/img/all-sponsors.png)

We also want to extend our gratitude to our amazing community supporters who kept the energy high and the vibes awesome throughout the event. Thank you for being the backbone of this community!

🙌 Cheers to Our Mentors

To the mentors who sacrificed their weekend to guide, support, and inspire our builders, we can’t thank you enough! Your insights and expertise helped shape these ideas into reality, giving participants the confidence to keep pushing forward. YOU ARE AWESOME!

[Thank you all of mentors](https://2024.ethsydney.net/#mentorsjudges)

👏 Kudos to the Organizing Team

![](/img/organizing-team.jpg)

A standing ovation to the unsung heroes behind ETHSydney 2024—the organizing team! From pre-event logistics to on-site management, every detail was taken care of to ensure a seamless and inspiring event. Your dedication to building an inclusive and thriving Ethereum community shines brightly. 🎉

💡 Join Us for the Next Chapter

Want to be part of this incredible journey? We’re always looking for passionate volunteers who want to contribute to the future of Web3. Whether you’re a developer, designer, marketer, or simply a Web3 enthusiast, there’s a place for you here! Stay tuned for announcements and get ready to join us in shaping the future of Ethereum. 👏

Join us telegram group - https://t.me/EthereumSydney

Or, email - hi@ethsydney.net

## Thank you all

A huge thank you to every participant who joined us at ETHSydney 2024! Your energy, creativity, and commitment brought this hackathon to life, turning ideas into reality and showcasing the true spirit of innovation. From late-night coding to early-morning brainstorming, you pushed the boundaries of Web3 and inspired us all. We’re grateful for your dedication and can’t wait to see where your journeys take you next. You are the heartbeat of this community—thank you for making ETHSydney unforgettable! 💙👏

![](/img/all-ethsydney.jpg)

# Make Ethereum Cypherpunk Again

Summaries on X:

- https://x.com/EthereumSydney/status/1850671355894939870
- https://x.com/madamczyk0/status/1850493467325288616
- https://x.com/semicondurian/status/1850377479451705681
- https://x.com/semicondurian/status/1849721635806269837
- https://x.com/madamczyk0/status/1850156731784946133
- https://x.com/EthereumSydney/status/1849977650703630529
- https://x.com/EthereumSydney/status/1850302715135758616
- https://x.com/EthereumSydney/status/1849727073730035790
- https://x.com/EthereumSydney/status/1849295481932841072
- https://x.com/EthereumSydney/status/1843972544778698758

# Abount ETHSydney

- Website: https://ethsydney.net/
- Meetup: https://www.meetup.com/ethsydney/
- Telegram: https://t.me/EthereumSydney
- Email: hi@ethsydney.net
- Twitter: https://twitter.com/EthereumSydney

Commit message:

add feedback and youtube live

content/post/2024-10-ethsydney-hackathon-summary.md, after:

---
title: ETHSydney 2024 hackathon summary
subtitle: ETHSydney Blockathon
date: 2024-10-27
tags: ["Ethereum", "Sydney", "ETHSydney"]
---

## 🌏 ETHSydney 2024: **Make Ethereum Cypherpunk Again** 🌏

We just wrapped up an unforgettable weekend at [#ETHSydney 2024](https://2024.ethsydney.net/), where builders, visionaries, and innovators came together at [UNSW Founders](https://unswfounders.com/) to push the boundaries of what’s possible in the Web3 space! The event brought together over 80 enthusiastic participants, 18 seasoned mentors, 5 sponsors, and 11 community supporters, all driven by the shared mission of “making Ethereum cypherpunk again.”

With three days of intense brainstorming, hacking, and collaboration, participants had the opportunity to bring their wildest ideas to life, and the results were beyond extraordinary. 💻✨

All the information, check it out on the landing page - https://2024.ethsydney.net/

## 🏆 Meet the Winners!

![](/img/winners.jpg)

###	1.	Aurora – [Check it out here](https://devfolio.co/projects/aurora-3d5a)

Aurora is a web3-based messaging application with integrated AI capabilities, built on top of the XMTP protocol.

###	2.	E-Scape – [Explore more](https://devfolio.co/projects/escape-049b)

**The problem E-Scape solves**

Educating individuals and rising awares to privacy tools used in Ethereum through a entertaining medium.

**Challenges we ran into**

First time learning anything related to Ethereum, Solidty, smart contracts, pretty much everything :D

###	3.	Greybox – [Learn about it](https://devfolio.co/projects/greybox-5ed1)

An extensible security assessment framework for Ethereum smart contracts. Detect vulnerabilities in your Solidity contracts from static and dynamic analysis.

## 🌟 Other Remarkable Projects

Beyond our winners, ETHSydney 2024 saw a host of other inventive projects submitted by talented teams. From decentralized finance applications to NFT platforms, each project represented the immense creativity and commitment of our builders. Here’s a brief look at all the projects submitted: ETHSydney Project Gallery. Hats off to every participant who gave their all and showed the world what Web3 can become!

[check all of them out](https://ethsydney-hackathon.devfolio.co/projects)

## 💙 A Heartfelt Thanks to Our Sponsors and Community Supporters

A massive shoutout to our sponsors, without whom ETHSydney 2024 would not have been possible:
@EF_ESP, @UNSWFounders, @Hansa_Network, @rise_chain, and @sigp_io. Your belief in the Web3 ecosystem and commitment to fostering innovation is what powers these transformative experiences.

[Thank you sponsors](https://2024.ethsydney.net/#sponsors)

![](/img/all-sponsors.png)

We also want to extend our gratitude to our amazing community supporters who kept the energy high and the vibes awesome throughout the event. Thank you for being the backbone of this community!

🙌 Cheers to Our Mentors

To the mentors who sacrificed their weekend to guide, support, and inspire our builders, we can’t thank you enough! Your insights and expertise helped shape these ideas into reality, giving participants the confidence to keep pushing forward. YOU ARE AWESOME!

[Thank you all of mentors](https://2024.ethsydney.net/#mentorsjudges)

👏 Kudos to the Organizing Team

![](/img/organizing-team.jpg)

A standing ovation to the unsung heroes behind ETHSydney 2024—the organizing team! From pre-event logistics to on-site management, every detail was taken care of to ensure a seamless and inspiring event. Your dedication to building an inclusive and thriving Ethereum community shines brightly. 🎉

💡 Join Us for the Next Chapter

Want to be part of this incredible journey? We’re always looking for passionate volunteers who want to contribute to the future of Web3. Whether you’re a developer, designer, marketer, or simply a Web3 enthusiast, there’s a place for you here! Stay tuned for announcements and get ready to join us in shaping the future of Ethereum. 👏

Join us telegram group - https://t.me/EthereumSydney

Or, email - hi@ethsydney.net

## Thank you all

A huge thank you to every participant who joined us at ETHSydney 2024! Your energy, creativity, and commitment brought this hackathon to life, turning ideas into reality and showcasing the true spirit of innovation. From late-night coding to early-morning brainstorming, you pushed the boundaries of Web3 and inspired us all. We’re grateful for your dedication and can’t wait to see where your journeys take you next. You are the heartbeat of this community—thank you for making ETHSydney unforgettable! 💙👏

![](/img/all-ethsydney.jpg)

# Make Ethereum Cypherpunk Again

# Feedbacks and records

![](/img/linkedin-feedback-tina-tao.png)
![](/img/linkedin-feedback-ruiyi-zhao.png)

Youtube live:

Opening - https://www.youtube.com/live/v_ZXWndT0OU?si=SpsPRHssq_fSykgC&t=3000
Closing and demos - https://www.youtube.com/live/rSAG9UO02t4?si=SVhXsoaeGbPfn7uI&t=351

Summaries on X:

- https://x.com/EthereumSydney/status/1850671355894939870
- https://x.com/madamczyk0/status/1850493467325288616
- https://x.com/semicondurian/status/1850377479451705681
- https://x.com/semicondurian/status/1849721635806269837
- https://x.com/madamczyk0/status/1850156731784946133
- https://x.com/EthereumSydney/status/1849977650703630529
- https://x.com/EthereumSydney/status/1850302715135758616
- https://x.com/EthereumSydney/status/1849727073730035790
- https://x.com/EthereumSydney/status/1849295481932841072
- https://x.com/EthereumSydney/status/1843972544778698758

# Abount ETHSydney

- Website: https://ethsydney.net/
- Meetup: https://www.meetup.com/ethsydney/
- Telegram: https://t.me/EthereumSydney
- Email: hi@ethsydney.net
- Twitter: https://twitter.com/EthereumSydney
